#summary Frequently Asked Questions

  *  *I keep getting "Communication Error" popups? What does that mean?*
This means exactly what it says -- PockeTwit is having trouble communicating with the twitter server.  This could be due to any number of things, such as poor cellular service or even twitter's server's being temporarily offline.  There's little more PockeTwit can do to diagnose the problem. 

  *  *How do I post a picture?*
Posting an image is a two-step process.  First you mush use the icon (or menu item) to upload an image to the image host.  Once it's uploaded you must use the same button to insert the URL for the image into your status.

  *  *How do I manually update a timeline?*
It automatically updates the timeline every time you choose it from the left menu.  It will display an "updating" notification at the bottom until it's done.

  *  *I can't see the whole tweet*
Sometimes word-wrapping in the tweets causes the last word or two to be cut off from the display.  You can select the clipped tweet, click the center-button in the D-Pad, and choose "Detailed View" from that menu to view the entire message.

  *  *How do I use ping.fm?*
If you have a ping.fm account, they will provide you with a unique "application key" at http://ping.fm/key/.  This key replaces your username and password in applications that connect to ping.fm.

  *  *I can't type with my slide-out keyboard*
Some devices with a slide out keyboard suffered from a bug with the .NET framework. An update from the manufacturer should fix the issue.  Try looking at http://www.phonenews.com/verizon-xv6800-gets-keyboard-fix-2714/